Add note about creating `Shape` class (#37179)
mdn/content: files/en-us/learn/javascript/objects/adding_bouncing_balls_features/index.md

- call the `Shape` constructor using `super()`, passing in the `x`, `y`, `velX`, and `velY` arguments
- initialize its own `color` and `size` properties from the parameters it is given.

> [!NOTE]

> > Make sure to create the `Shape` class above the existing `Ball` class otherwise you'll get the following error. `Uncaught ReferenceError: Cannot access 'Shape' before initialization`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Make sure to create the `Shape` class above the existing `Ball` class, otherwise you'll get some error like: "Uncaught ReferenceError: Cannot access 'Shape' before initialization"
```
